hey guys so it's that time again it's
time for another contest I reached a
thousand subscribers and I'm so so
thankful to you guys it happened really
fast I didn't think I would get to a
thousand so quickly so it was really
really overwhelming i left for vacation
and i had eight hundred and something
subscribers i think and i came back and
they had over a thousand so so so amazed
so thankful i love all my subscribers
and you guys leave such nice comments on
my videos on my channel and it just it
means so much to me it really does so
thank you so so much for that and to
celebrate I gave it doing this giveaway
i'm giving away the mac msf in stereo
Rose brand-new not open this is what it
looks like i'm sure you all know what it
is so one lucky winner will be getting
this so I'm just going to go onto the
rules of the contest a really really
simple so first of all you have to be
subscriber obviously second of all I'm
18 or older or have your parents
permission the contest is international
so anyone all over the world can enter
I'm not going to discriminate or
anything like that everyone's welcome to
enter um you can enter two ways the
first way is through comments so you can
leave a comment below I can leave up to
5 comments a day they can't say unto me
they say answer me i'm just going to
delete them or i'm just not going to
count them um in your comment you can
leave me a recommendation for a product
that you like a beauty product hair
product or even like fashion store
jewelry store anything that you are
really loving right now leave me a
comment and tell me what it is um
computer like favorite mascara if your
blush favorite hair straightener
anything in the world favorite food i
don't care i just want to know something
about you something that you like so you
do that 5 comments a day every single
day and then the second way to enter can
do a video response to this video
anything you want you can leave me a
video response
anything you can even just talk about
your favorite products get sing a song
do a dance I don't care I just like to
get to know a little bit more about you
guys so you can leave a video response
or um you can post a video on your
channel giving me a shout out that's
another option and you can take the
video down once contest is over that's
fine with me or on your channel page in
the other channels box you can put a
link to my channel so if you do a video
response a video shout out or put my
channel and your other channels that
counts as 10 entries to the contest so
and then you can take it down with the
conscious silver that's fine it's up to
you so comment entries count as one
entry can do five day and the video
response the shout out or the other
channel link counts as ten entries and
then I'll get all the entries and i'll
use random.org to pick the winner and
then i will let you guys know who won
the stereo rose so the contest is going
to run for at least two weeks maybe
longer we'll see how many entries and
stuff forgetting and then I'll let you
guys know it'll stay close when the
contest is over so then you'll know and
then hopefully i'll get the winner up
really soon after that so thank you guys
so so so much for subscribing it means
so much to me and you guys are awesome
and I hope you'll stay tuned and keep
watching my videos I have a lot of great
videos coming up so please stay tuned
and please continue to comment and
subscribe to my channel thank you so
much for watching guys and good luck in
the contest I